hey Newsom Westland Jimmy havoc here
observe you know this guy's but next
next Friday night third if referee
you've got me Jimmy havoc king of
British death match is coming up to new
scene wrestling supporting a display for
you guys against Mike Mason a parody of
mine Mason's request so when I received
the train tick is this morning Jimmy's
train tickets
what I receive those tickets I thought
to myself well I been getting training
right laughs so this is me in training
I've got one question for you Mike
before we meet next Friday
now one question is this in the last
couple of years I've fought guys like
Jim Kasai but a hootchie Ito you come
here moto thumbtack jack
Masada great younger John Ryan even the
King the British deathmatch is Iceman
okay but I've come out I've come out
half on top often on top but one thing I
have come out of a is alive now this one
question I asked you Mike is this those
guys right I respect it I looks up to
okay
I watched ever since I started training
right now the things I've done to those
guys are regular illegal to be honest
I've carved glass into their faces into
their backs into their chests I've got
barbed wire and carved their bodies open
with it okay
I've worn drawing pins on my shins to
kick into their skulls right now the
question you got a circuit this Mike if
I've watched your respect
those guys okay respected those guys and
I've done that soon what the fuck do you
think I'm gonna do to you when I see you
next Friday
yeah so let's hope you've been trying it
properly okay cuz otherwise maybe you're
fucked